Hey, Mr. Hu, come here
When did you see me eat cookies?
Oh, what a pity.
This is delicious made by your secretary
Why did he send you cookies for no reason?
Ah.
Said he was grateful for all the time I took care of him
Shouldn't I be the one who takes care of him the most?
为什么我没有
Hey, Mr. Gu
The best are given at the end.
Just wait with confidence.
Mr. Gu, this is the plan I just made.
No.
Oh, right.
I'll give you that process sheet before get off work.
Wait, I'm a little hungry, so I don't have it.
Afternoon tea such as biscuits
I'll go right away
Forget it, forget it.
I don't want to eat it anymore.
Mr. Gu, this is the flow chart.
Leave it here.
And this little cookie I made myself
Do you have a conscience?
However, the shape of this cookie
Why is it different from what Chen Te eats?
The gift you gave Yoyo Children's Day last time
He is so happy
Said to be a cow and a horse to repay you
So I made calf and pony cookies.
原来是特别定制的
What is this?
You didn't handwrite a thank you note, did you?
resignation report
Yeah, why?
It's inconvenient for you to go to school here
I'm going to take her back home